README.md, before:

![Build](https://github.com/googlemaps/js-samples/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
![Release](https://github.com/googlemaps/js-samples/workflows/Release/badge.svg)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/googlemaps/js-samples)
![Apache-2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache-blue)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/676948200904589322?color=6A7EC2&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff)](https://discord.gg/jRteCzP)

# js-samples

## Description

Samples for the Google Maps JavaScript API.

The samples can be demoed at the [official documentation site](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/examples).

## Development

### Build

1. `npm i` Install dependencies.
1. `npm run build` Build all targets and update `dist/` folder.

### Test

1. `npm test` Test outputs.
1. (Optional) `npm run lint` Fix lint issues with `npm run format`
1. (Optional) `npm run test:playwright:playground:update-snapshots` Update snapshots. This uses an custom env var to only to only update screenshots that differ from the previous ones (Playwright only supports `none`, `all`, or `missing`). To update all screenshots, use `npm run test:playwright:playground:update-snapshots -- --update-snapshots`.

### Run

1. Start a server with all samples using `npm start`

## Other resources

- [Google Maps JavaScript API Documentation](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/tutorial)
- [Google Maps JavaScript API Reference Documentation](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/)
- [Google Maps Typings](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/tree/master/types/google.maps) - `npm i -D @types/google.maps`
- [Google Maps Utilitiies](https://github.com/googlemaps/v3-utility-library)

## Support

These libraries are community supported. We're comfortable enough with the stability and features of
the libraries that we want you to build real production applications on it.

If you find a bug, or have a feature suggestion, please [log an issue](issues). If you'd like to contribute, please read [How to Contribute](CONTRIB.md).

Commit message:

docs(README): target snapshots for single sample (#1116)

README.md, after:

![Build](https://github.com/googlemaps/js-samples/workflows/Build/badge.svg)
![Release](https://github.com/googlemaps/js-samples/workflows/Release/badge.svg)
![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/googlemaps/js-samples)
![Apache-2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache-blue)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/676948200904589322?color=6A7EC2&logo=discord&logoColor=ffffff)](https://discord.gg/jRteCzP)

# js-samples

## Description

Samples for the Google Maps JavaScript API.

The samples can be demoed at the [official documentation site](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/examples).

## Development

### Build

1. `npm i` Install dependencies.
1. `npm run build` Build all targets and update `dist/` folder.

### Test

1. `npm test` Test outputs.
1. (Optional) `npm run lint` Fix lint issues with `npm run format`
1. (Optional) `npm run test:playwright:playground:update-snapshots` Update snapshots. This uses an custom env var to only to only update screenshots that differ from the previous ones (Playwright only supports `none`, `all`, or `missing`). To update all screenshots, use `npm run test:playwright:playground:update-snapshots -- --update-snapshots`. It's possible to target a single sample by using `-g <sample-name>`.

### Run

1. Start a server with all samples using `npm start`

## Other resources

- [Google Maps JavaScript API Documentation](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/tutorial)
- [Google Maps JavaScript API Reference Documentation](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/reference/)
- [Google Maps Typings](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/tree/master/types/google.maps) - `npm i -D @types/google.maps`
- [Google Maps Utilitiies](https://github.com/googlemaps/v3-utility-library)

## Support

These libraries are community supported. We're comfortable enough with the stability and features of
the libraries that we want you to build real production applications on it.

If you find a bug, or have a feature suggestion, please [log an issue](issues). If you'd like to contribute, please read [How to Contribute](CONTRIB.md).
